add guide and images (#579)
knocklabs/docs: content/guides/modeling-users-objects-and-tenants.mdx

<Image
  src="/images/guides/modeling-users-objects-and-tenants/alert-modeled-new.png"
  width="2152"
  height="1848"
  className="rounded-md mx-auto border border-gray-200"
  alt="alerts modeled as objects"
/>

Since an Object can store any number of custom properties, you can also include values for `url` and `signingKey` along with any other data you might need when sending a webhook event or listing these alerts in your application’s UI.

```javascript title="Example alert modeled as an Object"
{
   "__typename": "Object",
   "collection": "alerts",
   "created_at": null,
   "id": "alert_URJXQKT1",
   "properties": {
       "description": "Project event destination",
       "events": [
           "project:info",
           "project:alert"
       ],
       "name": "Project alerts",
       "signingKey": "1888e28c-67ce-4f4c-be74-9ab8896785e4",
       "url": "https://hkdk.events/m3vdn670twnfs7"
   },
   "updated_at": "2024-07-01T21:20:10.538Z"
}
```

> When you trigger a workflow with this object as a recipient, you can use the `url` and `signingKey` properties to generate a secure webhook request. Using the `events` array, you can store event subscriptions directly on the Object and filter out webhook events using a [step condition](https://docs.knock.app/concepts/conditions). To learn more about using Objects and webhooks, you can read [our guide on creating customer facing webhooks](https://docs.knock.app/guides/customer-webhooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you trigger a workflow with this object as a recipient, you can use the `url` and `signingKey` properties to generate a secure webhook request. Using the `events` array, you can store event subscriptions directly on the Object and filter out webhook events using a [step condition](https://docs.knock.app/designing-workflows/step-conditions). To learn more about using Objects and webhooks, you can read [our guide on creating customer facing webhooks](https://docs.knock.app/guides/customer-webhooks).
```
Unsure if we want to link directly to the step condition page here?
